- I know my heart is kind.
I know I'm intelligent.
I know that I'm talented,
and I know that I have a lot
to offer outside of just appearances.
So when you get to a place in your life
where you can appreciate that,
it really empowers you, yeah.
[bright orchestra music]
Today, we are getting glammed
with my incredible team
for Vogue World to Hollywood.
Hollywood and film, I've
embraced it since a young age.
It's been a part of my life.
The dreams that are made here,
the stories that are told,
it's all so inspiring to me.
I came to Hollywood at 15,
no confidence at all
when I first got here.
I had confidence in my talent,
but I think body image,
beauty, the standards are
really high in Hollywood
and moving here at such a young
age kind of played on that.
Something that really
helps me are affirmations,
doing affirmations in the mirror.
When I'm going through a difficult time,
I'll just write something really
sweet and loving to myself
and that way I read it every day,
and if you practice it in the mirror,
it helps you believe it more.
[camera clicks]
This is Fitch.
He does my hair.
- Hi.
- This is Loftjet,
Makeup, and Natalie.
- Hi.
- She is doing my nails.
LJ and Fitch and I have been
working together, I think,
since March,
- March.
- and Natalie and I have been
working together since 2019,
- [Natalie] Yeah, I think so.
- six years.
- Six great years. [laughs]
- [Demi] Six wonderful years.
- When I saw the dress, I was like,
I see this girl being like
the lead actress in a movie
and she's running on the beach
and this, you know, she's been
there for days just tanning,
and she's in love.
- Romantic.
- Romantic, romance is
like the key word for today.
- It's movie magic.
- Exactly, we're acting
like we're on holiday.
- Today, we're gonna do something up.
So the pins are just
kind of keeping it pc,
we're doing something that's
ethereal, kind of like dewy.
The texture's gonna be
like borderline wet.
- Since I've started working with Fitch
and embracing my natural hair texture,
I let my hair air dry.
It's voluminous, it's big, it's sexy,
and it gives me confidence.
- Just incorporating
health maintenance just
for the integrity of her hair just kind
of keeping the natural vibe
while also using products
to keep her hair like really healthy.
- [Natalie] We're in our
squoval era right now.
- Yes, I was an almond-shaped
girly for a minute,
but now
- Yeah, switch the shit up.
- I've been loving this shape.
- [Producer] What is it called?
- Squoval, so it's in between.
- Squoval, square oval.
- [Natalie] Yeah. [laughs]
- Sorry I took that from you. [laughs]
- No it's okay.
Yeah, so it's a square
shape but rounded corners.
So it's a little different
than your standard square.
[gentle jazz music]
- Outfit that I'm wearing is
kind of got this Victorian vibe
to it, and it's something that
you would see in film and,
but with a modern twist.
- This is a Ludovic de Saint turn in look,
and it's spring summer of '26.
Everything we've been doing
has been kind of like sexy
but sleek, and this kind of
is a little bit more frilly
and outside of the world.
So it felt like a fun event to
do it for since it's centered
around film.
So Fab, when you'll see
it on Demi, is that this,
it looks just like kind
of like a simple blouse,
but it's really snatched and tailored.
So it's kind of like the
fit is pretty impeccable,
and then, yeah, again,
like the lingerie elements
have been kind of a consistent
throughout the it's-not-that-deep era.
ARAKS, we've just been
kind of obsessed with some
of their pieces.
It comes in like really cute colors,
and yeah, we just wanted
to keep it monochromatic.
There's like a maybe a switch up.
I don't know if we're gonna see it,
but I think it'll be in probably this.
So I think the coolest part
about this whole cycle has been
that she's been so open, and
I feel like you can really see
how happy she is, and I feel
like with that, came a lot
of like freedom and openness.
So I feel like kind of
helping her step into that
and like how do we like show that
through the close and show,
and I think if you go on
Twitter, her fans, I feel like,
even notice it too.
I feel like it's been like
a very like fulfilling thing
to see how happy and like
present and confident she is.
So shoes with the elongated
toe, these have kind
of become like a staple for her.
She wore them all during Paris
Fashion Week pretty much.
- [Producer] Those look hard to walk in.
- I know.
When I first started working with her,
I feel like she wasn't
too much of a heels girl,
but now I feel like she's a pro.
So I feel like, yeah,
these are pretty intense,
but they're beautiful.
I kind of want to try this insane diamond,
pretty short necklace.
Probably gonna be like a simple like huggy
or something on the ear.
I don't think anything
should be added just
because people feel like
there should be more.
Yes, it's so good.
- This is the final look. [laughs]
- I love it.
It's so good.
- I love them.
- We did a little last minute switch up,
but I feel like it's fab.
I feel like it's a little
darker, a little moody
or the black makes it
kind of more contemporary
and cooler, I feel like.
So it was actually your idea.
- [laughs] Yes.
- It was her idea.
- I just thought the black
was a little bit sexier.
What movie would I be in?
I don't know.
- [Chris] I feel like it's
like Pride and Prejudice,
- That's what I was going
- running and running down,
- to say, yes.
- like kicking
off the heel like,
- Yes.
- you know, that vibe.
[upbeat jazz music]
- The image of it feels
very soft and feminine
and it just is very beautiful.
I love it, and I love the body of it.
It gives me a nice shape, snatched.
- Snatched, like it already was snatched,
and we like took it in a
little more, but it's like,
I feel like it just
looks powerful and soft
at the same time, which is very mature.
[camera clicks]
[group cheers]
- Yay, love you.
- Say hi to everyone.
- Another one.
- Have fun.
- Thank you.
Thank you so much, Vogue.
[kisses] Love you.
[camera clicks]